2003: The Missing Blog Year
Published on March 09, 2008.
So for some reason I was looking at the archives of my blog today.
I noticed that there was a gap between the years of 2004 and 2003.
I obviously didn’t stop blogging completely in 2003, so I figured something was up.
I’ve been blogging for a number of years now.
The earliest protoblog I had was probably on ujournal.org.
After that I switched around a lot, to places like Xanga, livejournal, Myspace (ugh, yeah, I know) and finally to my own domain where my blog resides today.
I’ve made it a point to export all my old blog entries though, so I was kind of pissed to see that 2003 was nowhere to be found.
Sure enough, I checked out my old livejournal (which still exists!) and exported all the posts from 2003 into my blog this afternoon.
A few notes on my blogging style of 2003:
I used exclamation points in my titles a lot.
I mostly blogged about news events.
Unfortunately, Yahoo News links die fairly fast.
All links referencing my UNM webspace are seriously borked
For some reason I wrote about Ebay a lot!
In 2003, my blog really sucked.
There are a few noteworthy posts from that year, including the self imaging post (which links to a broken site now…), the Ebay commercial post (which links to a working video!!!) and my rant about Humpty Dumpty .
You can see all the missing posts here .
If you really wanted to.
Which you probably don’t.